All right,
now let's choose somewhere for our app.
Toe live.
Go ahead and navigate to the parent directory you want to use and create a folder for your
app.
Name it.
Whatever you like.
I'm naming mine app.
If you're using get,
you might want to start by adding a get ignored to your project.
I don't need one here,
but if you're gonna be committing to get hub,
it might be useful.
If you're dis coding locally,
it's probably not necessary.
All right,
now in your empty directory,
let's to create the first file and it will be the main file for the APP.
Let's call it index dot Js All right,
now we see that we have created it here and it is just totally empty.
This is the file we're going to call When we invoked the application to show how this works
.
Let's add a console log for hello world within that file and nothing else and save it.
And now from with them that directory on the command line,
we're going to run node index dot Js After we do,
we can see that message How the world of being logged to the terminal just to review what's
happening and how this works.
Let's go ahead and show all the files in this directory.
You can see that there's an index dot Js file that we created a minute ago inside of this
directory.
Inside of it is a single command console dot log Hello,
world.
We ran the command node index dot Js that called the note application and passed it the
name of this script index dot Js knowed red in this file.
Send the commands down to V eight.
V eight processed it.
The console ended up locking out the message and then there was nothing left for nodes
Event loop to do,
so it exited.
All right,
Now,
go ahead and get rid of this line and we're going to start building the rial application.